README.md, before:

# Home-Assisstant Interface That Runs in the Kindle Browser

![NPM Build](https://github.com/hermannsblum/kindle_infoscreen/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)

<img height="400em" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hermannsblum/kindle_infoscreen/master/example.jpg" />

**What?**  
Switch on and off devices, lights, or music in your house from a wall-mounted e-paper display.

**Why?**  
I had a kindle laying around. However, even new kindles run a 2009ish chromeium browser that does not support modern javascript, also not the home-assistant UI.

# How To

1. create a long-lived access token to your home-assistant in your [account profile](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/authentication/#your-account-profile). This token will be saved locally on your kindle and used to log into home-assistant.

2. create a [group of entities](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/group/) you want to display on the kindle. Currently supported are sensors, switches and media players.

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
group:
  on_kindle:
    name: Kindle Entities
    entities:
      - switch.kitchen_pin_3
      - sensor.bedroom_temp
      - sensor.porch_temp
```
3. clone the repository to a local computer that you can connect via USB to your kindle. Make sure that you have [node.js installed](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

4. Within the cloned repository on your machine, create a configuration file `src/config.json` for your kindle interface based on the [example config](https://github.com/hermannsblum/kindle_infoscreen/blob/master/src/config.json.example).

```js
// example config.json
{
  "token": "askjhdfkshdkf", // your long lived access token
  "wifi": "",  // see below
  "address": "http://hassio.local:8123",  // address of your home-assisstant WITHOUT trailing slash /
  "groupname": "on_kindle",  // the group configured above, you may choose any name
  "media_sources": {
    "media_player.your_media_player": ["Source 1", "Source 3"]  // optional, if you want to show only specific source options
  }
}
```

5. build the `index.html` file by running the following commands on your machine. This will create a single file `index.html` that needs to be copied to the kindle.
```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

6. Copy the file to your kindle. Your kindle has to be connected via USB.
```bash
# example on Mac
cp dist/index.html /Volumes/Kindle/documents/index.html
```

7. Detach the kindle from USB and open the 'Beta-Browser'. Make sure that javascript and images are enabled. Navigate to `file:////mnt/us/documents/index.html`. Done.
The screen reloads every 10s and will update automatically when new entities are added to the specified group on home-assistant.

8. Disable the kindle's screensaver such that the display stays on. For this, you need to go to the home screen and type `~ds` into the search bar. More info [here](https://wiki.mobileread.com/wiki/Kindle_Touch_Hacking#Search_Bar_Shortcuts).

# Additional Options

## WiFi

You can display a qr code to let people connect to your wifi. For this, [create a qr code](https://qifi.org/) and [convert it into a base64 string](https://www.base64-image.de/) (click 'copy image'). Then, add the string to the config: 

```js
// src/config.json
{
  ...
  "wifi": "data:image/png;base64,...",
  ...
}
```

## Media Player Sources

If you don't want to display all sources of a media player entity, only put those that you want into the config:

```js
// src/config.json
{
  ...
  "media_sources": {
    "media_player.your_media_player": ["Source 1", "Source 3"]  // optional, if you want to show only specific source options
  }
  ...
}
```

Commit message:

add supported devices to readme

README.md, after:

# Home-Assisstant Interface That Runs in the Kindle Browser

![NPM Build](https://github.com/hermannsblum/kindle_infoscreen/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)

<img height="400em" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hermannsblum/kindle_infoscreen/master/example.jpg" />

**What?**  
Switch on and off devices, lights, or music in your house from a wall-mounted e-paper display.

**Why?**  
I had a kindle laying around. However, even new kindles run a 2009ish chromeium browser that does not support modern javascript, also not the home-assistant UI.

# How To

1. create a long-lived access token to your home-assistant in your [account profile](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/authentication/#your-account-profile). This token will be saved locally on your kindle and used to log into home-assistant.

2. create a [group of entities](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/group/) you want to display on the kindle. Currently supported are sensors, switches and media players.

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
group:
  on_kindle:
    name: Kindle Entities
    entities:
      - switch.kitchen_pin_3
      - sensor.bedroom_temp
      - sensor.porch_temp
```
3. clone the repository to a local computer that you can connect via USB to your kindle. Make sure that you have [node.js installed](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

4. Within the cloned repository on your machine, create a configuration file `src/config.json` for your kindle interface based on the [example config](https://github.com/hermannsblum/kindle_infoscreen/blob/master/src/config.json.example).

```js
// example config.json
{
  "token": "askjhdfkshdkf", // your long lived access token
  "wifi": "",  // see below
  "address": "http://hassio.local:8123",  // address of your home-assisstant WITHOUT trailing slash /
  "groupname": "on_kindle",  // the group configured above, you may choose any name
  "media_sources": {
    "media_player.your_media_player": ["Source 1", "Source 3"]  // optional, if you want to show only specific source options
  }
}
```

5. build the `index.html` file by running the following commands on your machine. This will create a single file `index.html` that needs to be copied to the kindle.
```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

6. Copy the file to your kindle. Your kindle has to be connected via USB.
```bash
# example on Mac
cp dist/index.html /Volumes/Kindle/documents/index.html
```

7. Detach the kindle from USB and open the 'Beta-Browser'. Make sure that javascript and images are enabled. Navigate to `file:////mnt/us/documents/index.html`. Done.
The screen reloads every 10s and will update automatically when new entities are added to the specified group on home-assistant.

8. Disable the kindle's screensaver such that the display stays on. For this, you need to go to the home screen and type `~ds` into the search bar. More info [here](https://wiki.mobileread.com/wiki/Kindle_Touch_Hacking#Search_Bar_Shortcuts).

# Supported Devices

Confirmed support was reported for: 

- Kindle Paperwhite 3

Missing support was reported for:

- Kindle Paperwhite 1 (which [does not support the file url](https://www.mobileread.com/forums/showthread.php?t=24127), but could still access the interface when the `index.html` is hosted on a local webserver)

# Additional Options

## WiFi

You can display a qr code to let people connect to your wifi. For this, [create a qr code](https://qifi.org/) and [convert it into a base64 string](https://www.base64-image.de/) (click 'copy image'). Then, add the string to the config: 

```js
// src/config.json
{
  ...
  "wifi": "data:image/png;base64,...",
  ...
}
```

## Media Player Sources

If you don't want to display all sources of a media player entity, only put those that you want into the config:

```js
// src/config.json
{
  ...
  "media_sources": {
    "media_player.your_media_player": ["Source 1", "Source 3"]  // optional, if you want to show only specific source options
  }
  ...
}
```
